Payments docs (#41)
deity-io/falcon-docs: docs/payments/plugins.md

---
title: Payments Plugins
---

DEITY Falcon supports the following Payment methods out-of-the-box (in Falcon-Client app):

- [Adyen (credit card)](#adyen-credit-card)
- [PayPal Express](#paypal-express)
- [Simple Payment](#simple-payment)

## Adyen (credit card)

To add this plugin to your Falcon-Client app install it in the `client` directory:

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--npm-->

```bash
# installs adyen plugin (on falcon-client)
npm install --save @deity/falcon-adyen-plugin
```

<!--Yarn-->

```bash
# installs adyen plugin (on falcon-client)
yarn add @deity/falcon-adyen-plugin
```

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

Adyen CreditCard plugin delivers "adyen-cse-web" package for the client-side encryption of the provided

> credit card information (this way - shop does not store any of your credit card information in its database)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
credit card information (this way - the shop does not store any of your credit card information in its database)
```

and just passes this encrypted information to the Adyen Payment Gateway.

### Adyen PHP module

> To use this plugin with DEITY Magento module (PHP) - you need to install the following library inside of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this plugin with the DEITY Magento module (PHP) - you need to install the following library inside of your
```

> To use this plugin with DEITY Magento module (PHP) - you need to install the following library inside of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this plugin with DEITY Magento module (PHP) - you need to install the following library in your
```

Magento project (it will provide required endpoints to process Adyen payments):

```bash
php composer.phar require deity/falcon-magento-adyen
```

### Usage of Adyen plugin

```js
import AdyenCCPlugin from '@deity/falcon-adyen-plugin';

const adyen = (
  <AdyenCCPlugin config={config} onPaymentDetailsReady={onPaymentDetailsReady}>
    {({ setCreditCardData }) => (
      <CreditCard onCompletion={setCreditCardData} />
    )}
  </AdyenCCPlugin>
);
```

> This plugin requires a `{ key: "public-key" }` public key for the client-side encryption to be passed via `config` prop

> `AdyenCCPlugin` passes down `setCreditCardData` callback to the child component (`CreditCard` in our case), so whenever user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AdyenCCPlugin` passes down `setCreditCardData` callback to the child component (`CreditCard` in our case), so whenever a user
```

correctly fills out the form - this callback has to be called like `setCreditCardData({ number, expiry, cvc, name })` to pass

> a credit card information for further encryption and passing it as a part of the `placeOrder` Mutation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the credit card information for further encryption and passing it as a part of the `placeOrder` Mutation.
```

> a credit card information for further encryption and passing it as a part of the `placeOrder` Mutation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a credit card information for further encryption and passing it as part of the `placeOrder` Mutation.
```
